3.1.1.2.  Wide Range of Valid Characters

   This message exercises a wider range of characters in several key
   syntactic elements than implementations usually see.  In particular,
   note the following:

   o  The Method contains non-alpha characters from token.  Note that %
      is not an escape character for this field.  A method of IN%56ITE
      is an unknown method.  It is not the same as a method of INVITE.

   o  The Request-URI contains unusual, but legal, characters.

   o  A branch parameter contains all non-alphanum characters from
      token.

   o  The To header field value's quoted string contains quoted-pair
      expansions, including a quoted NULL character.

   o  The name part of name-addr in the From header field value contains
      multiple tokens (instead of a quoted string) with all non-alphanum
      characters from the token production rule.  That value also has an
      unknown header parameter whose name contains the non-alphanum
      token characters and whose value is a non-ascii range UTF-8
      encoded string.  The tag parameter on this value contains the
      non-alphanum token characters.

   o  The Call-ID header field value contains the non-alphanum
      characters from word.  Notice that in this production:

      *  % is not an escape character.  It is only an escape character
         in productions matching the rule "escaped".

      *  " does not start a quoted string.  None of ',` or " imply that
         there will be a matching symbol later in the string.

      *  The characters []{}()<> do not have any grouping semantics.
         They are not required to appear in balanced pairs.

   o  There is an unknown header field (matching extension-header) with
      non-alphanum token characters in its name and a UTF8-NONASCII
      value.

   If this unusual URI has been defined at a proxy, the proxy will
   forward this request normally.  Otherwise, a proxy will generate a
   404.  Endpoints will generate a 501 listing the methods they
   understand in an Allow header field.

      Message Details : intmeth
      
      LDT: 01/04/2021
      Parses as expected.
